ReadMe.md, before:

# How to run
## Certificates and keys
First you must create or use an already existing certificate key pair. If you do not have one please create one using this command for openssl  
```bash
$ openssl ecparam -genkey -name secp384r1 -out hospital.key
```
```bash
$ openssl req -new -x509 -addext "subjectAltName = DNS:localhost" -sha256 -key hospital.key -out hospital.crt -days 3650
```
### MAKE SURE TO ADD THE CERTIFICATE AS A TRUSTED CERT ON YOUR MACHINE
You are smart I'm sure you can google how to do this on your OS and machine

## Behind the program
This is a peer to peer MPC example.  
There are two go programs in this repo. There is the client and the server. The server is the hospital that can request aggregated secrets from the clients by sending the "go" signal. The clients will merely listen to the hospital until they hear this signal and then start sharing session

## Run the program
To run the client please use this syntax

```bash
$ go run ./Client.go [cert/key_name] [client_port] [secret] [comma_sep_other_ports]
```
e.g.
```bash
$ go run ./Client.go "hospital" ":8080" "500" "8081,8082"
```

To run the hospital use this syntax
```bash
$ go run ./Hospital.go [cert/key_name] [comma_sep_other_ports]
```
e.g.
```bash
$ go run ./Hospital.go "hospital" "8080,8081,8082"
```

Commit message:

add gitignore, change rand package to the crypto one and add small cert blurb to readme

ReadMe.md, after:

# How to run
## Certificates and keys
First you must create or use an already existing certificate key pair. If you do not have one please create one using this command for openssl  
```bash
$ openssl ecparam -genkey -name secp384r1 -out hospital.key
```
```bash
$ openssl req -new -x509 -addext "subjectAltName = DNS:localhost" -sha256 -key hospital.key -out hospital.crt -days 3650
```
### MAKE SURE TO ADD THE CERTIFICATE AS A TRUSTED CERT ON YOUR MACHINE
You are smart I'm sure you can google how to do this on your OS and machine
For testing the program you can use the same cert for all clients and the hospital but keep in mind for real world use-case you would want to use a separate cert key combo for each client and the hospital

## Behind the program
This is a peer to peer MPC example.  
There are two go programs in this repo. There is the client and the server. The server is the hospital that can request aggregated secrets from the clients by sending the "go" signal. The clients will merely listen to the hospital until they hear this signal and then start sharing session

## Run the program
To run the client please use this syntax

```bash
$ go run ./Client.go [cert/key_name] [client_port] [secret] [comma_sep_other_ports]
```
e.g.
```bash
$ go run ./Client.go "hospital" ":8080" "500" "8081,8082"
```

To run the hospital use this syntax
```bash
$ go run ./Hospital.go [cert/key_name] [comma_sep_other_ports]
```
e.g.
```bash
$ go run ./Hospital.go "hospital" "8080,8081,8082"
```
